API-9179: no access change in inactive chat (#982)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- The **Add User To Chat** method ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#add-user-to-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#add-user-to-chat)) always requires an active thread. The `require_active_thread` flag was removed.

### Chat access

> - The **Transfer Chat** method ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)) always requires an active thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Transfer Chat** method ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)) now requires an active thread.
```

Reviewer: It seems like in this context, "always" is already expressed by the word "require". Otherwise, it would be an optional param, which it is not.

> - The **Grant Chat Access** and **Revoke Chat Access** methods were removed. Its use cases are now covered by **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)). The corresponding pushes, **chat_access_granted** and **chat_access_revoked**, were also removed.

Reviewer 2: it's more accurate to say that the corresponding pushes were replaced by chat_access_updated

> - The **Grant Chat Access** and **Revoke Chat Access** methods were removed. Its use cases are now covered by **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)). The corresponding pushes, **chat_access_granted** and **chat_access_revoked**, were also removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Grant Chat Access** and **Revoke Chat Access** methods were removed. Their use cases are now covered by **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)). The corresponding pushes, **chat_access_granted** and **chat_access_revoked**, were also removed and replaced by the [`chat_access_updated`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#chat_access_updated) push.
```
